Modeler documentation adjustments according to docs vision (#415)
camunda-cloud/camunda-cloud-documentation: docs/components/modeler/bpmn/bpmn.md

---
id: camunda-modeler-bpmn
title: BPMN in Camunda Modeler
---

> # Quickstart

Reviewer: Does quickstart here make sense? I would delete this.

## Create new BPMN 2.0 Diagram

> ![New BPMN Diagram](./img/quickstart-1.png)
> 
> To start modeling, create a new BPMN 2.0 diagram for the Camunda Platform by selecting **Create diagram > Create new BPMN diagram (Camunda Platform)** in the top-level menu.

Reviewer: This is not Cloud-first. Can you adjust the screenshot and the opening lines here? 

I would even advocate to remove the screenshot (or have it highlight Cloud) and modify the section to be tool agnostic.

```suggestion
![New BPMN Diagram](./img/quickstart-1.png)

To start modeling, create a new BPMN 2.0 diagram by selecting **Create diagram > Create new BPMN diagram** for your process engine in the top-level menu.
```

Author: Updated in latest commit, but note I am drafting the "Automating a process using BPMN" doc this week, which should replace much of this content.

:::note
BPMN diagrams must be created for the process engine they intend to be deployed on. You cannot run a BPMN diagram modeled for Camunda Platform in Camunda Cloud, or vice versa, at this time.
:::

## Start Modeling

![Start Modeling](./img/quickstart-2.png)

Now you can start to create a BPMN 2.0 model. Add the desired elements from the palette on the left hand side by dragging and dropping them onto the diagram canvas. Alternatively, you can add new elements by using the context menu that appears when you select an element in the diagram. Using the wrench icon in the context menu, you can change the type of an element in place.

## Demo

![Demo](./img/demo.gif)

The demo above shows how to create more BPMN 2.0 elements like lanes, task types and event definitions.

## BPMN 2.0 Coverage

> The Camunda Modeler covers all BPMN 2.0 elements for modeling processes and collaborations.

Reviewer: Can you add a link to the BPMN Coverage for Cloud? 

/docs/reference/bpmn-processes/bpmn-coverage/

---
id: modeler-bpmn
title: BPMN in Modeler
description: Let's start modeling by creating a new BPMN diagram.
---

# Create new BPMN 2.0 diagram

To start modeling, create a new BPMN 2.0 diagram by selecting **Create New Diagram** in the **Diagrams** tab for your process engine in the top-level menu.

> If working in Platform, select **Create diagram > Create new BPMN diagram**.

Reviewer: Remove this line.

Reviewer: Errrr.... maybe move this into an admonition and fully qualify Platform -> Camunda Platform.

:::

## Start modeling

![Start Modeling](./img/quickstart-2.png)

Now you can start to create a BPMN 2.0 model. Add the desired elements from the palette on the left hand side by dragging and dropping them onto the diagram canvas.

Alternatively, you can add new elements by using the context menu that appears when you select an element in the diagram. Using the wrench icon in the context menu, you can change the type of an element in place.

## Demo

![Demo](./img/demo.gif)

The demo above shows how to create more BPMN 2.0 elements like lanes, task types and event definitions.

## BPMN 2.0 coverage

Modeler [covers all BPMN 2.0 elements](/docs/reference/bpmn-processes/bpmn-coverage/) for modeling processes and collaborations.

## BPMN 2.0 properties for execution

![Save BPMN Diagram](./img/quickstart-3.png)

In the properties panel on the right hand side, you can view and edit attributes that apply to the currently selected element.

![Save BPMN Diagram](./img/quickstart-4.png)

The panel can be hidden and restored by clicking the tab on its left border.

## Save a diagram

> To save your state of work in Cloud, click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save your state of work, click **Save**.
```

> To save your state of work in Platform, click **File > Save File As...** in the top-level menu. Then select a location on your file system to store the diagram in the BPMN 2.0 XML format. You can load that file again by clicking **File > Open File...**.

Reviewer: Move this into an admonition.
